Tweak migration doco (#1804)
seek-oss/skuba: .changeset/itchy-crabs-mate.md

---
'skuba': major
---

format, lint: Migrate projects to Node.js 22

As of **skuba** 10,
`skuba format` and `skuba lint` include patches that attempt to automatically migrate your project to the [active LTS version] of Node.js.
This is intended to minimise effort required to keep up with annual Node.js releases.

> You can opt out of these migrations by setting the `SKIP_NODE_UPGRADE` environment variable before running `skuba format` or `skuba lint`.

Reviewer: Do we want to clarify it's not something that needs to be added to CI? Thinking:

```suggestion
You can opt out of these migrations by setting the `SKIP_NODE_UPGRADE` environment variable before running `skuba format` and committing the result, after each **skuba** upgrade that includes these patches. 
```
